{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0 Calibri;}{\f1 Times New Roman;}}
{\*\generator ChatGPT;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1080\margb1080

\pard\sa180\qc\b\f0\fs28 Francisco Revelles\par
\pard\qc\sa120\f0\fs22 Email: francisco.revelles@gmail.com \~|\~ Phone: 857-348-9525 \~|\~ Boston, MA \~|\~ U.S. Citizen\par
\pard\qc\sa240\ul LinkedIn Profile\ulnone  (https://www.linkedin.com/in/f-r-1259996)\par

\pard\sa180\b\fs22 Summary\par
\pard\sa120\fs20
Senior \b0 Java / Systems Engineer\b  with 15+ years of experience across \b financial services, custody \& asset servicing, telecommunications, higher education, and healthcare\b0 .\par
Expert in \b Clear2Pay OPF, SEPA SCT/SDD, ACH, SWIFT MT/MX, ISO 20022 migration\b0 , and enterprise Java integration (Spring Boot, Spring Integration, MQ, Kafka).\par
Delivered large-scale modernization at \b Santander (ISBAN)\b0  and \b Pearson\b0 , combining payment-system reliability with cloud-native design.\par
Recent work extends these principles through \b microservices, AWS/Kubernetes\b0 , and \b event-driven APIs\b0 .\par
Early research in \b finite fields and primality testing\b0  (Gauss Research Lab) provides a rigorous mathematical foundation for data integrity and architecture design.\par

\pard\sa180\b\fs22 Skills\par
\pard\sa90\fs20
\b Languages:\b0  Java, Kotlin, Groovy, JavaScript, TypeScript, C, C++, Perl, SQL, HTML\par
\b Frameworks:\b0  Spring (Boot, Integration, Batch, Cloud, Security), Hibernate, JPA2, JSF, Angular, React\par
\b Payments:\b0  Clear2Pay OPF, BankSphere, SEPA SCT/SDD/ICT, ACH, SWIFT MT/MX, ISO 20022\par
\b Databases:\b0  Oracle, PostgreSQL, MySQL, MongoDB, DB2\par
\b Middleware / Integration:\b0  JMS, MQSeries, Kafka, REST, SOAP, BPEL, JBPM\par
\b Cloud / DevOps:\b0  AWS, Kubernetes, Docker, Cloud Foundry, Jenkins, Concourse, Git\par
\b Testing:\b0  JUnit, Mockito, SoapUI, JMeter, RFT, Cypress, Jest, Enzyme\par
\b Methodologies:\b0  Agile (Scrum, XP, TDD, Pair Programming, FDD, Mikado Method), SDLC, Waterfall\par

\pard\sa180\b\fs22 Professional Experience\par

\pard\sa90\b\fs20 Boulou Service \b0 -- Boston, MA\par
\pard\sa30\fs20\i Java Developer / Software Engineer\i0 \~ | \~ Oct 2022 -- Jun 2024\par
\pard\li720\sa60\fs20
\bullet  Designed and developed a marketplace platform with REST APIs, admin dashboard, and Stripe payment integration.\par
\bullet  Built backend in Spring Boot + OAuth2 Security; Flutter/Dart mobile front-end.\par
\bullet  Deployed on AWS EC2/Lambda using Docker containers.\par
\bullet  Implemented PostgreSQL/MySQL stored procedures and functions.\par

\pard\sa120\b\fs20 Unique Systems Skills \b0 -- Boston, MA\par
\pard\sa30\fs20\i Data Science with Python / AWS / DevOps\i0  \~ | \~ Apr 2022 -- Sep 2022\par
\pard\li720\sa60\fs20
\bullet  Completed certifications in AWS DevOps, Python, and Data Science.\par
\bullet  Trained in Kubernetes (EKS Primer) and AWS Cloud Practitioner Essentials.\par

\pard\sa120\b\fs20 Kessel Run (US Air Force Project) \b0 -- Boston, MA\par
\pard\sa30\fs20\i Full-Stack Java Developer (via Altoros)\i0  \~ | \~ May 2020 -- Oct 2020\par
\pard\li720\sa60\fs20
\bullet  Built the Kronos scheduling platform for F-35 squadrons, reducing planning time from 1 week to 15 minutes.\par
\bullet  Developed Java Spring Integration backends and React/Redux front-end.\par
\bullet  Containerized deployment with Docker and Cloud Foundry.\par
\bullet  Applied Extreme Programming (XP): pair programming, continuous integration, and TDD.\par
\bullet  Used the Mikado Method for controlled refactoring and dependency isolation across legacy modules.\par
\bullet  CI/CD using Concourse Pipelines and GitLab CI.\par

\pard\sa120\b\fs20 Pearson \b0 -- Boston, MA\par
\pard\sa30\fs20\i Senior Java Developer\i0  \~ | \~ Dec 2018 -- Aug 2019\par
\pard\li720\sa60\fs20
\bullet  Migrated Pearson Writer monolith to a Kubernetes-based microservices architecture.\par
\bullet  Defined service boundaries; built REST APIs (OpenAPI/Swagger).\par
\bullet  Implemented API Gateway, Consul service discovery, Vault config management, and NGINX ingress.\par
\bullet  Deployed microservices to hybrid AWS/GCP platform (Bitesize).\par
\bullet  Delivered Angular and Vue.js front-ends with Pearson security integration.\par

\pard\sa120\b\fs20 Northeastern University \b0 -- Boston, MA\par
\pard\sa30\fs20\i Integration Developer (Mobile \& Web Systems)\i0  \~ | \~ Dec 2014 -- Jul 2017\par
\pard\li720\sa60\fs20
\bullet  Owned active development/maintenance of Northeastern’s mobile ecosystem following prior Enterprise Web Development architecture.\par
\bullet  Delivered full-stack features for GoNU Athletics, Visitor Center, and NUze applications.\par
\bullet  Built RESTful APIs/backends using Groovy/Grails, Spring Security, and Spring Boot Batch.\par
\bullet  Implemented push-notification, survey, and live-score modules; batch scheduling with Quartz.\par
\bullet  Integrated Banner Student, social APIs, and Twilio Voice/Video via OAuth 2.0 and JSON/XML.\par
\bullet  Authored PL/SQL REST APIs and admin dashboards for Banner data.\par
\bullet  Created Android build/troubleshooting automation during staff transitions.\par
\bullet  Productionized iBeacons, Geofencing, and Polymer Web Components prototypes.\par

\pard\sa120\b\fs20 Institute for Health Metrics \b0 -- Burlington, MA\par
\pard\sa30\fs20\i Java Developer\i0  \~ | \~ Nov 2014 -- Dec 2014\par
\pard\li720\sa60\fs20
\bullet  Built Groovy DSLs for health-metric indicators using Spring and MongoDB.\par

\pard\sa120\b\fs20 Nextgen Invent Corp \b0 -- Marlborough, MA\par
\pard\sa30\fs20\i Java Developer\i0  \~ | \~ Sep 2014 -- Oct 2014\par
\pard\li720\sa60\fs20
\bullet  Implemented JAAS authentication with Apache Shiro; Spring MVC + Hibernate front end.\par

\pard\sa120\b\fs20 Infosys \b0 -- Quincy, MA\par
\pard\sa30\fs20\i Java Developer (Financial Services \& Insurance)\i0  \~ | \~ Mar 2012 -- Oct 2014\par
\pard\li720\sa60\fs20
\bullet  Developed Spring Batch/Integration solutions for data vendor feeds into PolarLake securities processing.\par

\pard\sa120\b\fs20 ISBAN / Santander Group \b0 -- Madrid \& Boston\par
\pard\sa30\fs20\i Senior Java / J2EE Developer -- Global Payments \& Custody Integration\i0  \~ | \~ 2010 -- 2011\par
\pard\li720\sa60\fs20
\bullet  Engineered Clear2Pay-based integration for SEPA DD/CT, ACH, and SWIFT flows.\par
\bullet  Implemented multi-entity QA (Santander Spain, Banesto, Banco Pastor).\par
\bullet  Designed JMS/MQSeries SOA workflows linking WizSentri (FCC), Partenon (COBOL), and Alhambra (Java EE).\par
\bullet  Authored XML/XSD mappings and use cases for DTCC/SWIFT-style settlements.\par
\bullet  Built automated test frameworks (IBM RFT, JUnit, SoapUI).\par
\bullet  Contributed to core-custody migration analysis during Santander’s platform consolidation.\par
\bullet  Direct alignment with ISO 20022 enablement and DTCC integration; later roles extended expertise to cloud/API.\par

\pard\sa120\b\fs20 TDA \b0 -- Madrid, Spain\par
\pard\sa30\fs20\i Java EE Developer\i0  \~ | \~ May 2010 -- Jul 2010\par
\pard\li720\sa60\fs20
\bullet  Designed asset-securities management apps using Java EE, Hibernate, and Oracle; modeled workflows with jBPM.\par

\pard\sa120\b\fs20 Department of Treasury \b0 -- San Juan, PR\par
\pard\sa30\fs20\i Java Developer\i0  \~ | \~ Jun 2009 -- Mar 2010\par
\pard\li720\sa60\fs20
\bullet  Built taxpayer information systems and ARRA incentive distribution applications.\par

\pard\sa120\b\fs20 Orsys Consulting \b0 -- San Juan, PR\par
\pard\sa30\fs20\i Java / J2EE Developer -- IPTV APILINK Team\i0  \~ | \~ Mar 2008 -- May 2009\par
\pard\li720\sa60\fs20
\bullet  Developed SOA integration between Oracle TBS M6 and Amdocs Ensemble; authored API specs and test cases.\par

\pard\sa120\b\fs20 HealthcareTek \b0 -- San Juan, PR\par
\pard\sa30\fs20\i Senior Programmer\i0  \~ | \~ Jul 2007 -- Mar 2008\par
\pard\li720\sa60\fs20
\bullet  Built automated clearinghouse solutions for HIPAA EDI transactions.\par

\pard\sa120\b\fs20 Preferred Health Inc.\b0  -- San Juan, PR\par
\pard\sa30\fs20\i Java Developer\i0  \~ | \~ Sep 2006 -- Jul 2007\par
\pard\li720\sa60\fs20
\bullet  Developed web applications for claims and eligibility (270/271, 276/277) on IBM WebSphere.\par

\pard\sa120\b\fs20 Firstpoint Health Group \b0 -- San Juan, PR\par
\pard\sa30\fs20\i Java Developer\i0  \~ | \~ Jan 2005 -- Aug 2006\par
\pard\li720\sa60\fs20
\bullet  Built Electronic Health Records (VistA, MUMPS, Java, NoSQL).\par

\pard\sa120\b\fs20 Gauss Research Lab -- University of Puerto Rico\par
\pard\sa30\fs20\i Programmer / Researcher -- Information \& Number Theory\i0  \~ | \~ 1998 -- 2004\par
\pard\li720\sa60\fs20
\bullet  Researched finite fields, Costas arrays, Golomb and quasi-Costas arrays for sonar and CDMA.\par
\bullet  Implemented and benchmarked primality tests (deterministic, probable-prime, strong probable-prime, quasi-prime) in C/C++/Java.\par
\bullet  Built software for prime generation and factorization studies (NSF CSEMS).\par
\bullet  Developed and maintained .ccTLD (.pr) domain registration systems in VB/ASP/ASP.NET/SQL Server.\par

\pard\sa180\b\fs22 Education\par
\pard\sa90\fs20
\b Bachelor of Science -- Computer Science\b0\par
University of Puerto Rico -- San Juan, PR\par
NSF CSEMS Scholar\par

\pard\sa180\b\fs22 ISO 20022 Modernization Summary\par
\pard\sa90\fs20
\b Overview:\b0  15+ years bridging global payments and custody integration across SEPA, ACH, SWIFT, DTCC, and ISO 20022.\par
\b Santander Experience:\b0  Clear2Pay integration; multi-entity QA (Santander Spain, Banesto, Banco Pastor); JMS/MQ workflows; XML/XSD mappings; automated testing frameworks.\par
\b Modern Continuity (2020--2024):\b0\par
\pard\li720\sa60\fs20
\bullet  \b Pearson:\b0  Migrated finance modules to Spring Boot microservices; Kubernetes deployments aligned with ISO 20022 structured data.\par
\bullet  \b Kessel Run (DoD / Altoros):\b0  Built event-driven Spring Integration pipelines using Kafka/MQ for real-time operations transferable to DTCC.\par
\bullet  \b Boulou Service:\b0  Developed secure REST API and payment orchestration (Stripe) mirroring asset-servicing flows.\par
\pard\sa90\fs20
\b Relevance:\b0  SEPA \u8594? ISO 20022 migration principles mirror DTCC / SWIFT CBPR+ adoption; actively applied in modern cloud architectures.\par
\b Summary Statement:\b0  “My Santander / ISBAN experience established a deep understanding of global custody and clearing-house integration. I’ve continued developing that foundation through cloud-native API modernization — the same trajectory driving today’s ISO 20022 initiatives.”\par
}
